And now Fox 13 meteorologist
Dave Osterberg with your Sky
tower radar forecast.
>> Good Monday morning. 5:15.
Lovely start to the day, but
grab your jackets. Got a lot of
50s out there for you right at
50 degrees for Brooksville. Mid
50s for Lakeland. Same for the
Frostproof area. And how about
a 49 in Wauchula for you? First
thing this morning. And it’s
not going to last long. We’ll
be back up close to 80 degrees
again today, but we do have a
coolish start to our week now.
High pressure sitting off the
coast of Southwest Florida and
with the clockwise flow around,
it gives us a very light little
west wind for today that will
likely keep those at the beach
right in the upper 70s. And
then it starts to get warmer as
you go inland from there. And
those east of I 75 today,
you’re well into the 80s this
afternoon. So mostly sunny,
seasonable. There is a cold
front moving into the deep
South. Now this is going to
come running into the area
tomorrow. And then just put its
brakes on and hang around for a
day or two. So you’ll notice
maybe 1 or 2 very isolated
showers tomorrow and possibly
again on Wednesday as well. As
a result of that front, just
kind of hanging around now,
drought busting rain, and I
knew it was only a matter of
time before the last and worst
classification of drought was
going to show up in our state.
And that is the exceptional
drought. And you notice just
east of Tallahassee here, part
of our state, under the
exceptional drought. And this
will only get worse because
even these 20 to 30% rain
chances this week aren’t going
to really help all that much
today. Beautiful sunshine right
around 79 or 80. And by the way,
79 is our normal high
temperature for this time of
year. Now we’re getting to that
point now where 80 will be the
norm. Tomorrow front comes into
the area. Maybe see this 1 or 2
little pop up showers kind of
later in the day tomorrow, and
then maybe 1 or 2 again on
Wednesday. Not a ton, but we’ll
take anything that we can get.
So today sunshine seasonable up
right around that 80 degree
mark along the coast will be in
the upper 70s, maybe closer to
the mid 80s as you’re well away
from the water and inland. Few
clouds. Comfy tonight 63 for a
low Tuesday. Looks great. Maybe
1 or 2 late day showers.
Nothing crazy. There’s 30% rain.
Chance for boaters. West winds,
5 to 10 knots. Seas running a
foot or less with a light chop
on the coastal waters. And a
high tide coming for you. For
you at 716 this morning. Look
at this week though 80, 82, 82,
then a bunch of mid 80s for you